hi today I'm going to show you how to
set up consumer senator data access
internet web data access on your Android
based phone
this particular phone is the galaxy s3
Samsung Galaxy s3 mini and it is running
Android 4.1.1 for your reference okay
now when I originally got this phone is
unlocked phone I got about a couple
weeks ago maybe a week ago and I was
getting text messages on it perfectly
fine through Consumer Cellular and then
people started send me text messages
with photos attached and I couldn't
download those well I was thinking I was
out of range and it wasn't so I decided
to try the internet access and it wasn't
wasn't there basically I don't use the
phone a lot okay that's why I have
Consumer Cellular anyway but if I need
internet access I really needed okay
so anyway my Florrie so here's how you
set it up in this particular case for
this poem to get Consumer Cellular or
Internet data access working first thing
you'll need to do is find your Settings
icon and I put mine up on the front
screen here and I'm gonna go ahead and
tap it and once you find that you'll
need to find your more settings I'm
gonna tap that and then you'll need to
find your mobile networks menu item and
then once you find that you'll want to
find your access point names now in my
particular case the phone came with a
senior 410 already in it and it was
selected now honestly I don't know where
that came from
I don't know if that came from Consumer
Cellular or if it came with the phone
probably came in on the same chip from
Consumer Cellular now the one on the top
top that you see with the Grim Dawn
that's the one that I've actually set up
I've set it up I confirmed it's working
and everything and I'm not going to
change it I'm gonna show you how how to
make a brand spanking new
okay and give you the data to create the
brand new one first thing you'll need to
do is to to tap the Menu button which is
the button at your lower left of your
phone
that's your menu button and when you do
that you'll see it'll say new APN okay
and you'll need to select new APN when
you do that you'll find a screen that
has no probably one two three four five
almost 15 15 maybe 16 items that not
only long we're going to be building and
some are already filled in for you but
you're gonna need to enter some data
here okay and I'm going to give you the
pieces of data that you need to enter
okay first things first you'll need to
enter a name okay
I entered Consumer Cellular for mine you
may want to enter the same thing you can
name it whatever you want okay and I'm
not going to go through that and then
the next item is going to be APN and
you'll want to set that to a TT dot M is
a mary v as in victor ian is an NC o--
okay
and then the proxy is going to be this
is going to be fairly long okay proxy
proxy dot once again and this mary v as
in victor in as an NC o-- dot okay CC
mobile oops
well and then dot-com oops
I misspelled it you rid of that extra
character and then I've got to add the
dot-com in there Jersey's a.com button
and okay now this is a lot of data to
enter on this video I know you don't
want to sit here and watch me enter all
this data so I'm just going to at the
end of this video I'm going to scroll
the data past for you here and you just
enter it at your leisure when you get
done just simply enter the back button
that's on on the right right lower
portion of your phone and in my case
right here it's complaining that the
name field cannot be empty if you fill
it out all that you know all the data
fields that I'm gonna indicate to you
you won't have this issue
okay so just don't worry about me saying
exit here it will when you get all your
data entered you'll have a this brand
new AP in here go ahead and slip select
the little green dot and then exit out
of your of the menus here just go back
back back back back all the way up you
could have hit the home button and then
you need to reboot this phone okay you
hold down the power just keep holding
down the power and in this case you
don't want to power off you want to
restart okay and it's gonna ask you do
you really want to restart your device
and yes you do okay so you can see my
phone's restarting and like said coming
up next is going to be all the data
entry items you need to enter and best
of luck with it as I noted your mileage
may vary this may not work at all for
you it worked for me good luck
you